She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't
read it. Art doesn't have to be
intentional. The crowd yells and screams
for more memes. You're unsure whether or
not to trust him, but very thankful that
you wore a turtle neck. He uses
onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental
destruction. Check back tomorrow; I will
see if the book has arrived. They throw
cabbage that turns your brain into
emotional baggage. Car safety systems have
come a long way, but he was out to prove
they could be outsmarted. Swim at your own
risk was taken as a challenge for the
group of Kansas City college students.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch
money from the local wishing well. Don't
step on the broken glass. His ultimate
dream fantasy consisted of being content
and sleeping eight hours in a row. I ate a
sock because people on the Internet told
me to. The wake behind the boat told of
the past while the open sea for told life
in the unknown future. A purple pig and a
green donkey flew a kite in the middle of
the night and ended up sunburnt. He barked
orders at his daughters but they just
stared back with amusement. He had
concluded that pigs must be able to fly in
Hog Heaven. There's an art to getting your
way, and spitting olive pits across the
table isn't it. The truth is that you pay
for your lifestyle in hours. Andy loved to
sleep on a bed of nails. Whenever he saw a
red flag warning at the beach he grabbed
his surfboard. They were excited to see
their first sloth. I would have gotten the
promotion, but my attendance wasn't good
enough. Not all people who wander are
lost. The random sentence generator
generated a random sentence about a random
sentence. The light in his life was
actually a fire burning all around him. He
colored deep space a soft yellow.
